Climate change
Key performance
Net GHG emissions reduction
We achieved 24.52% net greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction in 2025, 
compared to our 2018 baseline.1
Forest, Land and Agriculture (FLAG) GHG emissions reduction
We achieved 32.4% reduction for our absolute Scope 3 Forest, Land and 
Agriculture (FLAG) greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions against our 2018 
baseline in 2025.2
Energy/industry GHG emissions reduction
We achieved 17.0% reduction for our absolute Scope 1, 2 and 3 energy/ 
industry greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions against our 2018 baseline
in 2025.
Mitigating and adapting to climate change is fundamental for the long-term 
resiliency of our business. We work with our suppliers and on our own 
operations to tackle climate change. We invest in new technologies and 
apply changes to our products and businesses around the globe to reduce 
our GHG emissions. Our current net reduction performance demonstrates the 
effective implementation of our Net Zero Roadmap aligned with a 1.5°C 
pathway trajectory.
Key performance
Net GHG emissions reduction
We achieved 24.52% net greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction in 2025, 
compared to our 2018 baseline.1
Forest, Land and Agriculture (FLAG) GHG emissions reduction
We achieved 32.4% reduction for our absolute Scope 3 Forest, Land and 
Agriculture (FLAG) greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions against our 2018 
baseline in 2025.2
Energy/industry GHG emissions reduction
We achieved 17.0% reduction for our absolute Scope 1, 2 and 3 energy/ 
industry greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions against our 2018 baseline
in 2025.
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities in detail
Sourcing practices
Climate change is increasingly disrupting ingredient sourcing in our 
upstream value chain. Rising temperatures and more frequent extreme 
weather events threaten agricultural productivity and crop reliability. 
Adapting to these evolving conditions – whether through changing crop 
varieties, investing in resilient farming practices, or relocating 
sourcing regions – can be complex and disruptive, and can pose a negative 
impact on our suppliers. We can help improve our suppliers’ preparedness 
to adapt to climate change and specifically support smallholder farmers 
who are particularly vulnerable due to limited access to resources, 
technology and infrastructure.
Increasing climate change can pose a significant risk to our sourcing 
practices for key commodities by disrupting supply chains, for example, 
through rising heat stress, droughts or floods, affecting and reducing 
crop yields.
Opportunities exist from transitioning the entire value chain to a 
low-carbon economy, which can mitigate the pace and breadth of climate 
change and adaptation to adverse events of climate change.
Emissions from sourcing and ingredients
Agricultural activities and land-use changes associated with ingredient 
sourcing can be sources of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. These include 
methane emissions from livestock, nitrous oxide from fertilizer 
application, and carbon dioxide from deforestation, soil disturbance and 
the use of fossil fuel-based machinery.
These emissions from sourcing and ingredients can lead to risks such as 
increased policies related to carbon price, technology risks related to 
the replacement and substitution of emission-intensive assets, and market 
risks driven by consumers' sustainability considerations. Our most 
impacted areas include supply chains for ingredients and our exposure to 
regulatory changes and shifts in consumer preferences.
Opportunities exist in adopting regenerative agriculture practices, 
ensuring deforestation- and conversion-free sourcing, and proactively 
managing these risks through strategic planning.
Energy consumption and mix
Fossil fuels, such as coal, oil and natural gas, are the main source of 
GHG emissions, which contribute to climate change and its associated 
effects on the environment.
The reliance on these sources of energy consumption and mix can increase 
carbon footprints and contribute to environmental degradation.
Our most relevant areas include manufacturing, storage and logistics, 
where direct and indirect fossil fuel consumption is highest.
Strategy
Transition plan
In 2019, we announced our ambition to reach net zero GHG emissions by 
2050. In the following year, 2020, we published our time-bound plan, the 
Nestlé Net Zero Roadmap. Our Nestlé Net Zero Roadmap was approved by 
internal management and supervisory bodies, and supported by Nestlé’s 
shareholders during the annual general meeting in 2021.
Our Nestlé Net Zero Roadmap underpins our Group’s climate strategy, guides 
our aim of achieving sustainable growth and acts as our transition plan 
aligned with a 1.5°C pathway as validated by the Science-Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi). It is embedded in our financial and business planning 
through including climate targets into core strategies, driving ingredient 
sourcing and portfolio assessment, aligning capital allocation with 
decarbonization priorities, and linking progress to long-term growth and 
risk management. Key to the transition has been our aim to reduce our GHG 
emissions by 20% by 2025 and 50% by 2030 from the 2018 baseline year, and 
reach net zero by 2050 at the latest.3
In 2025, we achieved and surpassed our near-term GHG emission reduction 
target by reaching a 24.52% GHG net reduction compared to the 2018 
baseline.
The success of achieving and surpassing our 2025 target has shown that our 
Nestlé Net Zero Roadmap is enabling us to adapt our business to deliver 
reductions in GHG emissions in Scopes 1, 2 and 3 following a comprehensive 
approach to addressing both direct and indirect emissions across our value 
chain.
We know that getting to net zero emissions requires more than our efforts 
alone. Alongside extensive value chain collaborations, we need to help 
create a broader enabling environment to drive change at pace and at 
scale, as well as policies that enable a just transition considering all 
participants in the food system.
We recognize that our climate actions are interconnected with broader 
sustainability objectives. Where relevant, our Nestlé Net Zero Roadmap 
supports biodiversity-related actions, such as broader sourcing landscape 
conservation and restoration, and considers social and land rights due 
diligence and implications, including impacts on farmer livelihoods and 
workforce resilience in the supply chain.
Our Nestlé Net Zero Roadmap considers several advocacy activities, 
including ways to support the development of ambitious and investible 
nationally determined contributions on climate from countries under the 
United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, and the ambitious 
and progressive National Biodiversity Strategies and Action Plans under 
the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity.
We also support policies consistent with applying a meaningful transition 
to a lower-carbon economy, by for example, enabling access to lower-carbon 
technologies such as alternative fuels for maritime shipping and 
supporting transparent and easy-to-understand environmental
product labeling.
As part of our Nestlé Net Zero Roadmap, we are transforming products. 
These include new products and the reformulation of existing products to 
feature new ingredients.
We have identified key decarbonization levers as described in Actions and 
resources.
We are also considering climate-related risks and opportunities in the 
acquisition and divestment decision-making process to ensure our portfolio 
aligns with our Nestlé Net Zero Roadmap.
As part of this, we perform environmental, social and governance due 
diligence in the mergers and acquisitions process, alongside financial due 
diligence.
Beyond the Nestlé Net Zero Roadmap, we recognize
our physical assets may be impacted by climate change. This could be 
related to such things as water availability for facilities in 
water-stressed areas or damage to facilities from extreme weather events. 
We are addressing climate change challenges through ISO 14001, the 
international standard for environmental management systems. This standard 
enables us to better understand climate-related risks and opportunities 
for our assets, and where feasible take relevant actions, including 
capital investments, to reduce the impact of climate-related factors on 
our physical assets and the risk of business interruption.
As we close the first milestone of our Net Zero Roadmap, we are 
incorporating our learnings to date to refine our interventions plan for 
the 2026-2050 timeline. An update
of our Net Zero Roadmap will be published soon.
For more on our Nestlé Net Zero Roadmap, net zero targets and performance 
see Metrics and targets.
Assessing our climate-related impacts, risks and opportunities
We regularly assess our GHG emissions footprint to quantify our impact on 
climate change.
Actual GHG emissions for Scopes 1, 2 and 3 (as defined by the GHG 
Protocol) are tracked through an internal GHG accounting system 
(Greenhouse Gas Performance System (GPS)). GPS was developed internally 
for GHG accounting and reporting, and the methodology governing the system 
is aligned with the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard. GPS uses activity 
data directly from our central data systems (e.g. purchasing data from 
Nestlé’s Information System, packaging data from our packaging tracker) 
and combines it with GHG emission-related databases and tools (internal 
and external) to provide a comprehensive GHG emissions footprint picture 
by geographies, businesses and value chain steps.
This enables us to track our actual GHG emissions footprint against our 
Net Zero Roadmap glidepath, updating it based on the latest growth 
forecast and business changes to adapt our strategy and remain aligned 
with our net zero by 2050 path.
Assessing and addressing climate-related risks
The process for assessing and addressing climate-related risks in our own 
operations and along the value chain involves a comprehensive, 
multi-disciplinary approach integrated globally throughout the 
organization. This assessment process covers all stages of the value 
chain, including direct operations, upstream and downstream.
The insights and findings of the climate-risk analysis are presented 
yearly to executive management and the Board of Directors to integrate 
risk considerations into corporate governance and strategic planning.
By incorporating the findings into our risk-management process and 
strategic decision making, we are proactive in our approach to imminent 
risks and opportunities presented over varying timelines. This 
comprehensive coverage not only supports immediate operational adjustments 
but also long- term strategic alignment with global climate targets.
Our approach includes high-level assessments for product categories and 
in-depth scenario analyses across the value chain.
– Top-down climate assessments are formally incorporated
into the annual strategic portfolio reviews for Strategic Business Units 
and Globally Managed Businesses. Each unit considers how climate-related 
risks and opportunities may affect its strategy and future business 
projections. The assessments consider risks and opportunities at an 
individual Zone level and aggregated global level.
– Bottom-up scenario analyses are conducted across the value chain to 
assess the resilience of our strategy and operations under different 
climate scenarios. These are carried out in partnership with Risilience,
a United Kingdom-based company, which is using methodologies and scenarios 
from its academic partner, at the University Cambridge Centre for Risk 
Studies – Judge Business School. The relevant operational teams, including 
procurement, agriculture and business continuity management, review the 
most significant climate-related risks, develop mitigation strategies and 
identify opportunities.
Nestlé’s Global Property Loss Prevention Program provides an in-depth 
identification of hazards exposure, such as floods and windstorms, 
interruption of supply, and others, for existing sites and greenfield 
projects. The process is based on the use of quantitative third-party 
models to generate a baseline for current expected losses and future 
expected losses from natural catastrophes. The objective is to proactively 
anticipate the changes in risk profile and define remedial action, 
including associated capital expenditure at site level. It also supports 
decision making for future standards of prevention and protection.
Climate scenarios considered
Transition risks
We have utilized climate scenarios in the following ways:
– We have employed three different climate change scenarios
based on low-, intermediate- and high-emission Intergovernmental Panel on 
Climate Change (IPCC) pathways to evaluate the transition risks associated 
with different trajectories of global decarbonization. These scenarios 
help identify what shifts might occur in the global economic, social and 
regulatory landscapes under varying climate outcomes and the necessary 
adaptation and mitigation strategies to undertake.
– Analysis of risk impacts9:
– Low – Paris Ambition (SSP1-1.9): This represents
immediate coordinated global efforts to curb emissions,
aiming to limit warming to 1.5°C by 2100.
– Intermediate – RCP4.5: This assumes reliance on
existing or currently planned policies, potentially leading
to a temperature increase of 2°C to 3°C by 2100.
– High – RCP8.5: This represents a scenario where few or
no steps are taken to limit emissions, with potential
warming of 4°C to 5°C by 2100.
– Decision making for decarbonization: The insights
derived from applying these scenarios guide strategic decisions related to 
product development, resource allocation, risk management and operational 
adjustments. By mapping the potential impacts of varied emission 
trajectories, decarbonization levers, from energy efficiency improvements 
to transitions in product portfolios, can be better aligned towards lower- 
carbon alternatives.
– Impact on decarbonization decisions: We leverage findings from these 
scenarios to guide our mitigation and adaptation actions. This reflects 
rigorous planning for both transition and physical risk factors, and 
adaptation to the ever-evolving climate-related challenges affecting our 
global operations and
value chains.
We analyze transition risks under three types of emission scenarios (i.e. 
low, intermediate, high) based on various published models, including the 
IPCC and the International Energy Agency World Energy Outlook scenarios.
In the context of a transition to a low-carbon economy, over the next 10 
years transition-risk exposure may be affected by changes in policy, 
including potentially on carbon pricing and taxes, and businesses’ license 
to operate. Consumer behaviors affecting preference for more sustainable 
products, together with new technology, including improvements to GHG 
emissions performance, could also play a role.
Depending on the global actions taken to address climate change, in the 
short- to medium-term it is estimated that transition risks may become 
material to our company, which is why we publish the medium-term (10 
years) results using the Paris Ambition (SSP1-1.9) and intermediate 
scenario (RCP4.5), which are the most relevant.
Physical risks
Climate-related risks such as heatwaves, drought and water stress may 
impact raw materials’ availability and quality, through lower yields and 
greater yield variability. To estimate the risk to commodities over the 
longer term, where most of the risks are likely to materialize, three 
scenarios were modeled (high: RCP8.5, intermediate: RCP4.5, and Paris 
Ambition (SSP1-1.9)), considering three time horizons:
– Near term: 5 years
– Medium term: 10 years – Long term: 204010
Current and 2040 forecasted climate conditions were overlaid to estimate 
the percentage change in expected yields for the commodities that were 
selected based on their materiality to the business, as well as their 
vulnerability to climate change.
For risks to facilities, we use our existing enterprise risk assessment 
over the 2040-2060 period.
Risks to cash flows
Executive Summary
Part 1 – General Disclosures
Part 2 – Environmental Disclosures
Part 3 – Social Disclosures
Part 4 – Governance Disclosures
Appendices
        Climate-change risks, including transition and physical risks, 
over the medium to longer term, were taken into account in assessing the 
risks to cash flows.
The outcomes of our assessments were considered in the Group’s annual 
enterprise risk assessment and the annual impairment review. For the 
latter, we considered how climate risks may impact business forecasts 
prepared for testing our Group’s goodwill and indefinite life intangible 
assets (see Note 9 of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Nestlé 
Group 2025).
Assessing climate-related opportunities
We chose to include only risks, rather than opportunities, in the 
quantitative assessment of the climate scenario analysis. Quantifying 
opportunities in climate scenario analysis is challenging due to limited 
data availability, while risks often have more established data sources 
and methodologies
for measurement.
The qualitative assessment includes both risks and
opportunities. The qualitative assessment allows for a broader 
consideration of potential opportunities, including category-specific 
market and technology trends.
Resilience analysis
As part of our comprehensive risk management strategy,
we have carried out a process to identify climate-related risks using the 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework for 
risk categorization.
Adaptation strategies to these risks involve enhancing operational 
resilience (resilience of own operations as well as upstream and 
downstream supply chains) and modifying business practices, as well as 
taking proactive measures
to reduce overall GHG emissions and align with global climate goals.
The resilience analysis we conducted in 2025 used scenario-based modeling 
to identify climate-related risks and opportunities. This analysis 
complements and confirms the double materiality assessment and goes beyond 
by quantifying the potential effects of climate-related risks.
Climate-related transition risks
In the short to medium term, our current mitigation strategy remains 
appropriate for physical risks with no material changes. However, we have 
identified a range of potential transition risks, which vary significantly 
depending on
the nature and speed of countries aligning to a Paris Agreement 
trajectory.
Climate-related physical risks
In addition to transition risks, the resilience analysis has assessed 
physical risks over the long term as potentially having the most 
significant effect, related to selected raw materials, with a potential 
reduction in commodity yields or geographical shifts of commodities 
sourcing due to climate change driving changes in growing conditions.
Key outcomes of physical and transition
risk assessment
The results of our resilience analysis provide comprehensive assessments 
of both physical and transition risks under various climate-related 
scenarios tied to different emissions pathways. Here we present a summary 
of the key outcomes:
Raw materials and supply chains
The analysis of the period up to 2040 anticipates increased heatwaves, 
droughts and water stress, which are likely to affect the availability and 
quality of key raw materials. This could potentially lead to increased 
price volatility and input costs. We will explore other potential hazards 
in the future, assessing their materiality for Nestlé. In addition, we 
want to increase the focus on acute hazards, which could be more material. 
The findings suggest that some raw materials may experience yield 
reductions, which may in turn influence supply chain stability.
Operational footprints and facilities
Nestlé’s Global Property Loss Prevention Program provides an in-depth 
identification of hazards exposure, such as floods and windstorms, 
interruption of supply, and others, for existing sites and greenfield 
projects. This proactive approach informs decision making for future 
prevention and protection standards. It projects an increase in 
climate-induced disruptions that could damage operational capabilities and 
assets. A slight increase in losses beyond current levels might occur due 
to the heightened severity and frequency of extreme weather events, but 
our current mitigation strategy remains appropriate.
Business model adjustments
As markets evolve with greater emphasis on sustainable practices, shifts 
in consumer demand towards products with lower environmental footprints 
are anticipated. This transition, while posing a challenge, also 
represents an opportunity to adjust product lines and business models to 
cater for this changing consumer landscape.
Business resilience
We believe that the Group continues to demonstrate the resilience and 
agility to transition to a lower-carbon model. This is expected to create 
new growth opportunities as part of our ambition to advance regenerative 
food systems at scale, for instance, by exploring new sourcing origins. 
This is enabled by our broad geographic scope, supply chain flexibility, 
R&D, diversified product portfolio, leading brands and capital strength.
Strategic and financial planning
The resilience analysis not only quantifies risks but also helps in 
strategic and financial planning to navigate these challenges effectively, 
aligning closely with broader goals such as those outlined in our Net Zero 
Roadmap. This includes consideration of how climate-related impacts may 
change future demand for products and services, and potential implications 
for strategic and financial planning. Investments in areas such as R&D, 
new technology and business continuity, as well as acquisition and 
divestment activity, consider the potential climate-related factors 
assessed to date. We have the capability to adjust our strategy and 
business model to accommodate the impacts of climate change through 
various adaptive measures. These strategic adjustments are deeply rooted 
in our overall corporate response to climate-related challenges and risks, 
as well as opportunities.
Product innovations
We are diversifying and adapting product lines with lower-carbon footprint 
options. This not only reflects shifts in consumer preferences but also 
aligns with our sustainability targets.
Operational efficiencies
Enhancements in logistics and operational activities are also a key part 
of our adaptive strategy. Investments in low-carbon logistics, the 
reduction of energy use and shifting to renewable energy sources in 
manufacturing processes illustrate proactive measures to mitigate emission 
levels and optimize operations.
R&D initiatives
Our R&D strategy includes leveraging science to innovate and respond to 
the challenges posed by climate risks. This includes the development of 
products that meet sustainability criteria from their design phase, 
considering a reduced environmental impact across their lifecycle.
